(FIND THE TRAINING GUIDE ON https://tescobloxstore.notion.site/Training-Guide-8a414844176c4326941b8d95e247cc2b)

Host

:m Ovations; my name is [NAME] and I am your host, I welcome all of you to this [TIME BST/GMT] TESCOBLOX training session, please stay seated until we inform you to do so.

:n To pass this training, you will need to earn at least 4 out of 5 points. Each stage is 1 point, except the grammar test one.

:n I will now pass it over to my co-host, who will introduce theirself.


Co-Host

:m Salutations; my user is [NAME] and I will be your co-host for today, I  also welcome you to this [TIME] TESCOBLOX training session. I will now inform you with all of the rules I have prepared for today's session.

:n You are entitled to record this session, however we advise you to blur out your answers to avoid copying from members who watch the video.

Host

:m Your training consists of Customer Service, Grammar Training, Café Training and finally — trolling simulation. The training should take up to 1 hour, it may end earlier, of course.

:n Throughout the assembly, you are to adhere to the following regulations and terms in order to meet corporate expectations. 

:n My co-host will now list all of the regulations we have here. We advise you to note them, to avoid unwanted consequences.

Co-Host

:m [RULES] [I] Staff are expected to utilize adequate grammar, conventions, and punctuation in Tescoblox’s establishments. Negligence of this will result in failure of this assembly as well as a potential suspension or demotion.

:m [RULES] [II] Actions that are considered as disruptive, such as spamming, trolling and bypassing the filter in an inappropriate manner in any of Tescoblox’s facilities will result in a demotion and/or failure.

:m [RULES] [III] Respect is imperative to meeting corporate expectations. Failure to be respectful will result in a demotion and/or failure.

:m [RULES] [IV] Appropriate apparel and/or accessories are expected in Tescoblox establishments. Failure to meet this rule will result in a suspension, failure or a further demotion.

:m [RULES] [V] Please refrain from arguing your results if they do not match your anticipation, doing so will result in further demotion.


Host

:m Alrighty – We will now move on to our first training stage – Customer Service, this is one of the most important stages of the training, where you will learn about greetings and how to present yourself.

- 20 SECOND BREAK -

:n As a Customer Service Agent, your job is to help any other members of staff or customers with any questions and/or concerns they have about our products and services.

:m While working here at Tescoblox, you must present yourself in a professional manner, meaning you must have a greeting. An example of a **GOOD** greeting would be. “Hey! Welcome to Tescoblox, how may I be of your assistance?

:n At this time I ask you to tell us your greetings, my co host and trainers will go around seeing if it meets our standards.

Trainers

*Trainers will now go around, and check every trainees’ greeting. Depending on how professional it looks like, they will either give one point (:name (user) I), or not. Trainers may give advices to the trainees, on how to make their greetings look better.*

Host

:m If you are working as a Customer Service Agent, and you stumble upon a question you are unable to answer, tell them to wait a moment and contact someone on the radio, asking if anyone else knows the answer.

:n And that’s it of this section! We will be shortly moving onto the Grammar Test.

- 20 SECOND BREAK -

Co-Host

:m Now, we will be testing your grammar. All of you will be PMed one sentence, and your task will be to correct it. After completing your first task, please turn around 180°, so we know that you are ready to continue. You’ll recieve a second PM, with a simillar task, soon after you turn.

Trainers

You will now PM trainees the questions, please make sure that you choose 4/5 of them, so you can control your group only. Communicate with other trainers, so you can know where you can stop with PMing, so the trainee doesn’t recieve the same question twice.*

PART I:
:pm (user) Hello , Welcomen to Teskoblox, , how mey I halp you today ?

PART II:
:pm (user) Fill out the gaps in this sentence - “Hello, how ____ I _____ you today?”. In this question, you ask a customer, if you are able to help them.

Each question is one point, if they do two tasks correctly then give them 2 points (:name user III or II), if they do only one correctly, then give them one point (:name user II or I).

Host

- TRAINEES WILL NOW FOLLOW YOU TO THE SELFCHECKOUT/MANUAL TILL AREA -

You will group trainees, some of them will go to the self check out, and train here. Explain the basic steps of using it, and then do a short practical. The next half of trainees will go to the manual till area, and you’ll do the same — show them how to use it, and then do the practical. 

After the self-checkout group is done, move them to manual tills, then after the manual till is done, move them to self-checkout area. 

Each area is 0.5 point, completing two is one point.

Host

:m The last section today is the Trolling Simulation. All of you will be grouped, and taken to different places in the store, so this can be done quicker. 

Trainers will take groups of trainees to different places in the store, and then do the simulation. You will be acting innapropirate, and telling the trainees weird things. See how they react, and then depending on that either give them a point, or not.

Host

 - TAKE ALL TRAINEES TO THE STAFF ROOM -

:n The training session has been now concluded! Passers, please stand against the wall. If you do not have 3 or more points, you may leave the game.

Host will rank all trainees up, and then kick them.